Add a comment about currently disallowed cross-origin (#4)
Dashlane/password-changer-well-known: README.md

The `url` parameter defines the address of the API endpoint that implements the changing of the service password, which can be used by password managers.

> A current limitation is that these endpoints must be placed at the root of your website, sharing the same origin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Current limitation: ** the API endpoint must be placed at the root of your domain, sharing the same origin as the well-known.
```
